README.md, before:

# How to View online

Please go to https://jacqslabz.github.io/therapy/ to view the notes and information in this tiddlywiki that is my personal therapy notebook. Though I recommend saving your own offline copy if you have a laptop/desktop and plan to open it frequently. 

# Why Save your own Offline (Local) Copy

There are many reasons you probably want your own local offline copy of this therapy notebook:

- If you find yourself without wifi sometimes, then having your own copy means you can open it at those time when you don't have wifi.
- Github has a bandwidth cap on the "github pages" feature that the link above is using. If that bandwidth cap is reached, I won't pay github for extra bandwidth (I'm sorry, I don't have much money) and will simply wait until enough time has passed for it to come back on its own. 
- Github could realize this isn't what they intended their "github pages" to be used for, decide it's a terms of use violation, and take it down.
- Something else unforseen could force the site to be offline / unavailable to you at a time you could truly need to refer to this information. 

## How to Save Your Own Local Copy

To get your own copy of this site, you can download the whole repo or just the tiddlywiki file itself.

- **Whole Repo**: Click <svg class="octicon octicon-download mr-1" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" height="16" aria-hidden="true"><path fill-rule="evenodd" d="M7.47 10.78a.75.75 0 001.06 0l3.75-3.75a.75.75 0 00-1.06-1.06L8.75 8.44V1.75a.75.75 0 00-1.5 0v6.69L4.78 5.97a.75.75 0 00-1.06 1.06l3.75 3.75zM3.75 13a.75.75 0 000 1.5h8.5a.75.75 0 000-1.5h-8.5z"></path></svg> Code to open the dropdown then Download ZIP. Once it's downloaded, unzip it.
- **Just the TiddlyWiki file**: Click on "index.html" (not row it's in, the actual word/s "index.html") then click on the Download button. That will just open the code, use ctrl/cmd + S (or something like FIle > Save, or Menu > More tools > Save as file, or whatever your browser does) to bring up the save as dialog box, then choose a spot for the index.html file.
 
Either way, this will get you the "index.html" file on you computer. To view the site, drag n drop that file on to you browser or in your browser use ctrl/cmd + O to open the file (that's oh the letter, not 0/zero the number; ctrl/cmd + 0 is probably like "reset zoom to 100%" or something like that, YMMV). 

## How to make your own edits to your copy

This requires some knowledge of how TiddlyWikis work, and works best with only one person making edits. https://tiddlywiki.com/#Saving has some info. I personally use https://ibnishak.github.io/Timimi/ most of the time (just be aware it has a part for your browser & a part for your actual OS, so there's 2 thingies to install).

Commit message:

Rephrasing & adding to the readme
I want to make sure it's clear and covers what I can have it cover.

README.md, after:

# How to View online

Please go to https://jacqslabz.github.io/therapy/ to view the notes and information in this tiddlywiki that is my personal therapy notebook. Though I recommend saving your own offline copy if you will be openning the site frequently (especially if you will be using a laptop/desktop).

# Why Save your own Offline (Local) Copy

There are many reasons you probably want your own local offline copy of this therapy notebook:

- If you find yourself without wifi sometimes, then having your own copy means you can open it at those time when you don't have wifi.
- You have limited data for the device you use to open the site, or use a metered type of internet, and want to save your data or usage. Loading any page on this site can sometimes lag a bit because to look at any part of a TiddlyWiki, it first loads the entire TiddlyWiki. This will quickly waste you data, but having your own local copy will prevent this and save your data.
- Github has a bandwidth cap on the "github pages" feature that the link above is using. If that bandwidth cap is reached, I won't pay github for extra bandwidth (I'm sorry, I don't have much money) and will simply wait until enough time has passed for it to come back on its own. If you have a local copy, then github can't stop you from openning that.
- Github could realize this isn't what they intended their "github pages" to be used for, decide it's a terms of use violation, and take it down. And again: github can't stop you from openning a local copy.
- Something else unforseen could force the site to be offline / unavailable to you at a time you could truly need to refer to this information, and saving you own copy now before that happens would ensure you can refer to it.

## How to Save Your Own Local Copy

To get your own copy of this site, you can download the whole repo or just the tiddlywiki file itself.

- **Whole Repo**: Click <svg class="octicon octicon-download mr-1" viewBox="0 0 16 16" version="1.1" width="16" height="16" aria-hidden="true"><path fill-rule="evenodd" d="M7.47 10.78a.75.75 0 001.06 0l3.75-3.75a.75.75 0 00-1.06-1.06L8.75 8.44V1.75a.75.75 0 00-1.5 0v6.69L4.78 5.97a.75.75 0 00-1.06 1.06l3.75 3.75zM3.75 13a.75.75 0 000 1.5h8.5a.75.75 0 000-1.5h-8.5z"></path></svg> Code to open the dropdown then Download ZIP. Once it's downloaded, unzip it.
- **Just the TiddlyWiki file**: Click on "index.html" (not row it's in, the actual word/s "index.html") then click on the Download button. That will just open the code, use ctrl/cmd + S (or something like File > Save, or Menu > More tools > Save as file, or whatever your browser does) to bring up the save as dialog box, then choose a spot for the index.html file.

Either way, this will get you the "index.html" file on you computer. To view the site, drag n drop that file on to you browser or in your browser use ctrl/cmd + O to open the file (that's 'oh' the letter, not 0/zero the number; ctrl/cmd + 0 is probably like "reset zoom to 100%" or something like that, YMMV).

## How to make your own edits to your copy

This requires some knowledge of how TiddlyWikis work, and works best with only one person making edits. https://tiddlywiki.com/#Saving has some info. I personally use https://ibnishak.github.io/Timimi/ most of the time (just be aware it has a part for your browser & a part for your actual OS, so there's 2 thingies to install).
